[UI] Add widget score definitions (#700)
w3c/data-shapes: shacl12-ui/README.md

# SHACL UI

## Running locally

There are a few useful tasks defined in [Taskfile.yml](Taskfile.yml) to assist with making changes to the content of SHACL UI.

> To install Taskfile, see the docs at https://taskfile.dev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Taskfile, see [the Taskfile documentation](https://taskfile.dev).
```
